1.	A customer can only rent one vehicle at a time
2.	One customer can rent a vehicle more than once, if he/she has returned back earlier rented vehicle. They will have a unique rental ID each time.
3.	A customer can rent no vehicle or many vehicles.
4.	A vehicle can be rented multiple times.
5.	A vehicle can only be present at one location at a time.
6.	One location can have no vehicles at all or many vehicles.
7.	A vehicle can be rented or not at all.
8.	A valid license is required to rent a vehicle. 
9.	The customer picks up and drops off the vehicle on their specified dates.
10.	While renting a car customer should define pickup and drop-off location in advance.
11.	The customer must have insurance to rent a car.
12.	The customer has a choice to use the rental company’s insurance or their own. 
13.	Insurance will come in 3 types-none, half, full.
14.	Before renting a car , customer should pay deposit amount only  through credit card ,that will act as hold for charging incase of scenarios  like penalties , fines or any damages. Deposit amount vary for different vehicle. Expensive vehicle will have high deposit amount.
15.	Deposit amount will be returned back once the car is returned .
16.	Payment methods can be debit, credit, or cash for  the total rental charge . 
17.	The entire payment is made up front.
18.	The payment is made after returning the vehicle.
19.	The final drop-off is always at the specified rental location.
20.	The rental company locations are limited to the U.S.
21.	Vehicle rental rate will vary depending on vehicle type.
22.	When renting a vehicle, it will have a full tank to start with.
23.	Customer will be charged extra depending whether the vehicle is returned with empty vs half tank vs full. $25 for half full, $50 for empty. 
24.	Total rental amount is calculated by (number_of_days*per_day_rate)+insurance+tank_level_fine.
25.	Tax rates will vary based on the state where the vehicle was rented from. 
26.	A unique invoice will be created for a customer with the appropriate payment information.
27.	Revenue will be added to the account of the location from where the vehicle was rented.

Entity Relationships: 

Customer and Rental: 0 to many
Vehicle and Rental: 0 to many
Customer and License: 1 to 1
Customer and Card_Detail: 1 to many
Card_Detail and Deposit  :1  to many
Location and Rental: 0 to many
Location and Vehicle: 0 to many
Location and Tax: 1 to many
Rental and Deposit: 1 to 1
Rental and Invoice: 1 to many
Rental and Insurance: 1 to 1
